README.md, before:

# A sample Mobility Health App

This app accesses ussers' health data via the IOS Health store, and depicts users' mobility
health data in the app. 

This app runs on iPhone with iOS 14 or the latest.

## Overview

- Note: This sample code project is associated with WWDC20 session [10664: Getting Started in HealthKit](https://developer.apple.com/wwdc20/10664/) and WWDC20 session [10184: Synchronizing Your Health Data with HealthKit](https://developer.apple.com/wwdc20/10184/).


## Installation and Run Instruction 

Run the following commands on a Mac computer:

1  git clone https://github.com/tchan1010/SmoothWalker.git
2. cd SmoothWalker
3. git checkout depictWalkingSpeed
4. Run Xcode on the SmoothWalker.xcodeproj file
5. Install the app onto your iPhone via Xcode

Once you have the app installed on iPhone, open the app and 
click the Walking Speed icon at the bottom tab bar. 

To enable the walking speed page, you need to authorize the
app to have access right to the walking speed data in the
Health store. You may do that via the app's Welcome page or
when prompted when you access the walking speed page the 
first time. If you deny authorizing the app to have the walking 
speed access right, you will not see any data in the walking 
speed page, and you will need to authorize the app with the 
walking speed access right in the Health app. Furthermore, 
The app's error meesages may provide a Settings button, which 
when clicked will direct you the Settings app where you can 
access the Health app to authorize the app with access rights.
When you return to the app, if you see a Fetch button appears
on the top right corner of the walking speed page, click that 
button to manually load the walking speed data from the Health 
store.

Once the app obtains the walking speed data from the Health 
store, you will see three charts on the walking speed page. 
The charts depict the daily, weekly and monthly average walking 
speed data. You may click on any chart, and it will depict a 
depict a detailed page for that chart. The detailed page depicts
the selected chart and a table listing all the raw data for 
that chart. You may dismiss the detailed page by tapping on
that page.


## Version History

3/23/21  Created the SmoothWalker GitHub repository
         Created the depictWalkingSpeed branch

3/26/21  Checked-in updated code for Walking Speed feature.

3/27/21  Show all charts on the Walking Speed main page.

         When user taps on any chart, show a detailed page 
         for that chart (chart and table).

         Added a Settings button in the error message dialog
         to re-direct user to the Settings app to authorize
         the app has access to the Health store.

         Show a Fetch button whenever user needs to manually 
         fetch walking speed data from the Health store for 
         the app.

Commit message:

Checked in final code and README

README.md, after:

# A sample Mobility Health App

This app accesses ussers' health data via the IOS Health store, and depicts users' mobility
health data in the app. 

This app runs on iPhone with iOS 14 or the latest.

## Overview

- Note: This sample code project is associated with WWDC20 session [10664: Getting Started in HealthKit](https://developer.apple.com/wwdc20/10664/) and WWDC20 session [10184: Synchronizing Your Health Data with HealthKit](https://developer.apple.com/wwdc20/10184/).


## Installation and Run Instruction 

Run the following commands on a Mac computer:

1  git clone https://github.com/tchan1010/SmoothWalker.git
2. cd SmoothWalker
3. git checkout depictWalkingSpeed
4. Run Xcode on the SmoothWalker.xcodeproj file
5. Install the app onto your iPhone via Xcode

Once you have the app installed on iPhone, open the app and
click the Walking Speed icon at the bottom tab bar.

To enable the walking speed page, you need to authorize the
app to have access right to the walking speed data in the 
Health store. You may do that via the app's Welcome page, or 
when prompted when you access the walking speed page the 
first time. If you deny authorizing the app to have the walking 
speed access right, you will not see any data in the walking 
speed page, and you will need to authorize the app with the 
walking speed access right in the Health app. Furthermore, 
The app's error messages may provide a Settings button 
which, when clicked, will direct you to the Settings app where 
you can access the Health app to authorize the app with 
access rights. When you return to the app, if you see a Fetch 
button appears on the top right corner of the walking speed 
page, click that button to manually load the walking speed data 
from the Health store to the app.

Once the app obtains the walking speed data, you will see 
three charts appear on the walking speed page. The charts 
depict the daily, weekly and monthly average walking speed 
data. You may click on any chart, and it will depict a detailed 
page for that chart. The detailed page shows the selected chart, 
and a table listing all the raw data for that chart. You may 
dismiss a detailed page by tapping on anywhere in that page.


## Version History

3/23/21  Created the SmoothWalker GitHub repository
         Created the depictWalkingSpeed branch

3/26/21  Checked-in updated code for Walking Speed feature.

3/27/21  Show all charts on the Walking Speed main page.

         When user taps on any chart, show a detailed page 
         for that chart (chart and table).

         Added a Settings button in the error message dialog
         to re-direct user to the Settings app to authorize
         the app has access to the Health store.

         Show a Fetch button whenever user needs to manually 
         fetch walking speed data from the Health store for 
         the app.

3/28/21  Updated README and checked in final code.
